governance/votes/Executive vote - October 14, 2021.md, before:

---
title: Template - [Executive Vote] $executive_title - $date_MONTH_DD,_YYYY
summary: $summary
date: $YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00.000Z
address: "$spell_address"

---
# [Executive Proposal] $executive_title - $date_MONTH_DD,_YYYY

The Governance Facilitator(s) and the Protocol Engineering Core Unit have placed an executive proposal into the voting system. MKR Holders should vote for this proposal if they support the following alterations to the Maker Protocol.

If you are new to voting in the Maker Protocol, please see the [voting guide](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/how-voting-works/) to learn how voting works, and this [wallet setup guide](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/voting-setup/) to set up your wallet to vote.

---

## Executive Summary

If this executive proposal passes, the following **changes** will occur within the Maker Protocol:
- $executive_action_description_1
- $executive_action_description_2
- $executive_action_description_3

If this executive proposal passes, the following **additions** will be made to the Maker Protocol:
- $executive_addition_1
- $executive_addition_2
- $executive_addition_3

**Voting for this executive proposal will place your MKR in support of the changes and additions outlined above.**

Unless otherwise noted, the changes and additions listed above are subject to the [GSM Pause Delay](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/param-gsm-pause-delay). This means that if this executive proposal passes, the changes and additions listed above will only become active in the Maker Protocol after the GSM Pause Delay has expired. The GSM Pause Delay is currently set to **48 hours**.

$OfficeHours? This executive proposal includes an office-hours modifier that means that it **can only be executed between 14:00 and 21:00 UTC, Monday - Friday**. This is to ensure that at least some auction keepers are available to react to unforeseen issues with their bots in the event of early liquidations on new collateral types.

If this executive proposal does not pass within 30 days, then it will expire and can no longer have any effect on the Maker Protocol.

---

## Proposal Details

### $executive_entry_1

$executive_entry_description_1

### $executive_entry_2

$executive_entry_description_3

### $executive_entry_3

$executive_entry_description_3

## Review

Community debate on these topics can be found on the MakerDAO [Governance forum](https://forum.makerdao.com/). Please review any linked threads to inform your position before voting.

Additionally, these changes may have been discussed further in recent Governance calls. [Video](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLzkWCj8ywWNq5-90-Id6VPSsrk4OWVan) for these calls is available to review.

---

## Resources

Additional information about the Governance process can be found in the [Governance](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance) section of the MakerDAO community portal.

To participate in future Governance calls, please [join us](https://github.com/makerdao/community/tree/master/governance/governance-and-risk-meetings) every Thursday at 17:00 UTC.

To add current and upcoming votes to your calendar, please see the [MakerDAO Public Events Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=makerdao.com_3efhm2ghipksegl009ktniomdk%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=UTC&mode=week&showCalendars=0&showPrint=0).

Commit message:

Skeleton of the first executive vote with a no-op spell

governance/votes/Executive vote - October 14, 2021.md, after:

---
title: Template - [Executive Vote] Test Executive Vote on BSC - Ocotber 14, 2021
summary: This is the first testing of the MOR governance on BSC.
date: 2021-10-14T00:00:00.000Z
address: "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000"

---
# [Executive Proposal] Test Executive Vote on BSC - Ocotber 14, 2021

The Governance Facilitator(s) and the Protocol Engineering Core Unit have placed an executive proposal into the voting system. MKR Holders should vote for this proposal if they support the following alterations to the Maker Protocol.

If you are new to voting in the Maker Protocol, please see the [voting guide](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/how-voting-works/) to learn how voting works, and this [wallet setup guide](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/voting-setup/) to set up your wallet to vote.

---

## Executive Summary

If this executive proposal passes, the following **changes** will occur within the Maker Protocol:
- None, this is just a test with a no-op Spell

If this executive proposal passes, the following **additions** will be made to the Maker Protocol:
- None, this is just a test with a no-op Spell

**Voting for this executive proposal will place your MKR in support of the changes and additions outlined above.**

Unless otherwise noted, the changes and additions listed above are subject to the [GSM Pause Delay](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/param-gsm-pause-delay). This means that if this executive proposal passes, the changes and additions listed above will only become active in the Maker Protocol after the GSM Pause Delay has expired. The GSM Pause Delay is currently set to **48 hours**.

$OfficeHours? This executive proposal includes an office-hours modifier that means that it **can only be executed between 14:00 and 21:00 UTC, Monday - Friday**. This is to ensure that at least some auction keepers are available to react to unforeseen issues with their bots in the event of early liquidations on new collateral types.

If this executive proposal does not pass within 30 days, then it will expire and can no longer have any effect on the Maker Protocol.

---

## Proposal Details

### Changes to be applied

None, this is just a test with a no-op Spell.

## Review

Community debate on these topics can be found on the MakerDAO [Governance forum](https://forum.makerdao.com/). Please review any linked threads to inform your position before voting.

Additionally, these changes may have been discussed further in recent Governance calls. [Video](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLzkWCj8ywWNq5-90-Id6VPSsrk4OWVan) for these calls is available to review.

---

## Resources

Additional information about the Governance process can be found in the [Governance](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance) section of the MakerDAO community portal.

To participate in future Governance calls, please [join us](https://github.com/makerdao/community/tree/master/governance/governance-and-risk-meetings) every Thursday at 17:00 UTC.

To add current and upcoming votes to your calendar, please see the [MakerDAO Public Events Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=makerdao.com_3efhm2ghipksegl009ktniomdk%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=UTC&mode=week&showCalendars=0&showPrint=0).
